20200617 release (#674)
publiccodenet/about: activities/communication/using-chat.md

---

> type: guide
> ---
> 
> # How to use [chat.publiccode.net](https://chat.publiccode.net/)

Reviewer: There is no `explains` here and I think the title could be snappier. In addition to that this guide is clearly only for staff, that seems wise to add to the title.

```suggestion
type: guide
explains: What our staff chat tool is, how to get started and it's do's and don'ts
---

# Using [chat.publiccode.net](https://chat.publiccode.net/) for staff
```

---
type: guide
explains: What our staff chat tool is, how to get started and its do's and don'ts
---

# Using [chat.publiccode.net](https://chat.publiccode.net/) for staff

> We use Mattermost, hosted at chat.publiccode.net for informal chat purposes.

Author: ```suggestion
We use Mattermost, hosted at chat.publiccode.net, for informal chat purposes.
```
